doc/ex5.md, before:

# Exercise 4: Calculate cumulative precipitation time series
Developing cumulative precipitation time series...

In this section you want to narrow down your area of study. You have noticed the strong differences of 
SMI between Olpe and Hochsauerlandkreis for the months of May and June of 2017. These response is 
atenuated in July, and in August the SMI is almost homogenous. How can you explain this?
Does it have something to do with precipitation events? You will have to use the precipitation
data offered by the German Weather Service (DWD) to find out.

### Aggregate hourly precipitation to achieve daily resolution
Use the notebook provided in order to filter and aggregate your precipitation measurements.
You should narrow down this analysis for the weather stations of
counties of Olpe and Hochsauerlandkreis. 
From your hourly values. Write a script to aggregate the data to an hourly resolution. 

### Cumulative precipitation time series
You should generate two diagrams: 

- A bar chart of the daily precipitation covering the four months of the study 
(from 2017.04.16 until 2017.08.16)to identify interesting precipitationevents
- A scatter plot of the cumulative precipitation (amount of water in time) for the same time period.

You should consider the following:
- Think about how to organize the representation. 
You are generating graphs from approx. 15 weather stations (maybe using facets?)
- Correct labeling of your graphs. Use legends when appropiate 
- The images should be tidy. Take care of oclusions of graphs that are not readable.
- Make sure to include relevant information in your plots, such as time resolution, 
units, time period...

* [Previous: Exercise 4](ex4.md)
* [Next: Exercise 6](ex6.md)

Commit message:

Changed logical order of the exercises and links

doc/ex5.md, after:

# Exercise 5: Analyse cumulative precipitation VS Altitude (DTM)
Developing Exercise 6 Cumulative PP vs Alt...

In this activity you should compare the altitude of the weather stations sensed from the DTM 50m 
resolution layer with the altitude provided in the stations metadata. Are there any differences? 
Where do they come from? 

Additionally, you will start gathering all the knowledge learnt from the previous exercises.
It is time to start working on your discussions. Firstly, focus on the cumulative precipitation
values at the end of the investigation period (2017-08-17?). Compare the measured values with
the altitude of the stations from the DTM layer. Are there any differences? Can you find any patterns?
How can you explain it?

You should consider the following:
- You can directly compare the altitude values by using a nx2 table. Where n is the number of 
weather stations compared.
- Make sure to somehow indicate strong differences. You should try to find an explanation for them and
indicate which measure should be more reliable.
- Figure out if you can plot final value of cumulative precipitation VS Altitude of weather station.
- Is the result what you expected? Is there a tendency? are there outliers? Make sure to include
all that in your discussion.

* [Previous](ex4.md)
* [Next](ex6.md)
